README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Prepare basic scripts to run and debug the app with README

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Install dependencies

To install dependencies just call yarn: `yarn`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start` and `yarn start-electron`

Runs the app server in the development mode. 
It will serve the content on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) so it can be load by electron build.

After run the server, you should run `yarn start-electron`.

The app will restart if you make edits in electron main process code (`src/electron/**`).
The app content will reload if you make edits in electron renderer code. 
You will also see any lint errors in the console. 

#### Why I need to run two command instead just `yarn start`?
It is possible to handle it by one command, but it's make things less clean because nature of the electron.
Electron have "main" process, where it handle communication with OS and the "render" process that in our case
is handled by React code. In dev mode when we run both processes separately we have better, cleaner control of the errors
and app automatic reloading mechanism.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. 
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

It's not ready yet for the production usage with electron.

See the section  in create-react-app docs about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
